Improve user experience & AI readability of the Azure Container Apps Instrumentation page by migrating to Customizable Docs (#38440)
DataDog/documentation: layouts/shortcodes/mdoc/en/serverless/serverless-init-image.mdoc.md

<!--
Shared serverless-init image reference (registries + tag conventions).
No content_filters required.
-->

> Datadog publishes new releases of the `serverless-init` container image to Google's gcr.io, AWS's ECR, and on Docker Hub:

Reviewer: Just using more formal names here:
```suggestion
Datadog publishes new releases of the `serverless-init` container image to Google Container Registry, Amazon ECR Public Gallery, and Docker Hub:
```
